Is that your parents'?
No, my aunt's.
Oh, your aunt's, where’s your aunt at?
On her way [inaudible]
Oh, she’s coming back?
Cool.
Do me a favor: Take a deep breath and blow
into that, alright.
Alright, do me a favor, try one more time,
deep breath, don’t go so far in.
Is there a “starer” problem, mind your
business.
What the f---, like...
Alright, where’s your aunt at?
Do you have her phone number?
How old are you?
I know that didn’t come up positive, I didn’t
take a drink of anything, so...
Alright, take a deep breath and keep blowing.
Yo guys ... even if it is your aunt, and she is
of age
[inaudible]
Like 40?
Go grab her real quick and we’re gonna have
them pour that all out.
How are you going to let us go, we didn’t
even drink alcohol?
So, where’s your aunt at?
You’re allowed to carry alcohol.
That's interesting.
Even if you’re underage.You are. You’re not allowed to drink it.
Open display on the beach. It’s possession consumption.
It’s not open.
Open display, you can see it. Yes.
OK, you can see it, and we're not drinking it.
5043 we have an “LL Skellinger” on the beach.
502 you clear?
[Inaudible]
So what’s your name?
[silence on the video]
So how about that?
You gonna lock me up for obstruction with my f___ing 18-month-old daughter over there?
Yeah, you’re not cooperating.
For obstruction?
Yeah.
I didn’t disrespect you, I didn’t do anything
to get written up, did I?
Why are you causing a scene?
Now you’re causing a scene.
I’m not causing a scene.
Alright, I’ll give you one more chance to
give me your last name.
Just be cooperative.
You're not going to lock me up.
OK.
You can't lock me up.
I didn't disrespect you.
OK.
And you don’t need to write my name down either cause I didn’t disrespect you.
I didn't do anything to you.
You're mad because you thought we were drinking.
You thought we were drinking.
So now you're mad because your Brethalyzer
came up negative.
OK, first of all, you’re in possession.
[inaudible]
Where's your aunt at?
She's on her way.
What's your last name?
You could wait here, just like you wasted
your time coming over here.
You could wait here for her.
OK. What's your last name?
You don't need my last name.
OK. That's it. I'm done with you.
Do you have cuffs on you?
No, Matt!
Get over here.
Don’t f------ talk to me.
Yo.
Don’t touch me!
Alright, you're about to get dropped.
Yo, don’t f------ touch me! Matt!
Don't.
Get over here.
What are you doing? Don’t --
[video audio ends]
Don’t f------ touch me. ... Matt!
Oh my god what is wrong with you guys.
You’re done.
Get the f----. You pulled my hair.
Get off me. What are you doing?
5043 send me another unit. [inaudible]
we have one resisting
[inaudible]
No.
Get off of me, what are you doing? Matt!
Matthew, they’re choking me!
Matt, they’re choking me, Matt!
I need another unit on the beach.
Matt, I cannot breath.
I’m not choking you.
Yes the f------ you are, you f------ d--- head!
Get the f--- off me, yo! Get the f- -- I’m not resisting.
That’s it.
Woah, woah, woah, what are doing?!
Back up! Back the f___ up! Back off! Back up!
Get over here now.
[inaudible screams]
Matt, Matt, he just [inaudible, cries] Matt! Matt!
He just hit me. [inaudible]
You’re not allowed to beat me like that!
Stop!
I’m a woman it doesn’t matter!
Stop. Stop. Stop.
Put your hands behind your back.
It doesn't matter. You’re not allowed to hit me like that and choke me!
You’re not allowed to hit me and choke me like that!
They’re not allowed to hit me and choke me like that!
[Inaudible] cuff her.
You’re not allowed to hit me and choke me like that.
Get off me, my daughter is right over there seeing this.
I didn’t do anything wrong.
I’m not one of these little f------ bitches that’s gonna let me treat [inaudible]
You f------ dirtball. You white piece of f------ trash!
Oh my god, I didn’t do anything wrong!
I wasn’t drinking anything, just smell it!
It wasn’t even open, bro.
F----- choked me out, I can’t believe you did that.
Get off of me!
One in custody.
Don’t stare unless you’re going to going to f------ help.
You need to get the f--- off of me you white piece of trash. F--- you
Oh yeah, now we’ve got these f------ young cops that don’t know how to f------ treat people.
I’m wanna talk to your f------ captain
as if he will give a s--- too.
Good, I hope you do.
Yeah, I f------ will, dirtball!
Alright, relax.
No. Who are you?
I’m going to be the one transferring you.
Yeah, will you.
I didn’t arrest you.
[Inaudible]
Back up. Back up.
Yo, don’t touch my f------ [inaudible]
That’s my daughter.
Y'all Rent-a-cop.
Back, up, before you get locked up too.
Alright? Don't be stupid.
Tell me, [inaudible] why [inaudible] little girl?
She didn't even open the can.
Listen to me. Listen to me. Nothing was open.
No open containers.
Now's not the time to argue about this, okay.
Number one, you have a baby in your hands.
That's my girlfriend. I should punch you in the f_ing face.
Worry about her, not your girlfriend. You get that straightened out later.
How old is she?
These two dudes just punched her in the face though.
Take a walk.
Well, she tried kicking us, so. That's it.
Yeah, that's fine. I go to stop her,
For LL. For underage drinking.
She says she's twenty.
She had twisted teas.
She wouldn't give me her last name.
So I said, Hey if you're not gonna give me your information, you'll be locked up.
She tried walking away from me.
Put a struggle, walked away from me.
I tried grabbing her.
She tried kicking at us.
So I slammed her on the ground.
She kicked him.
And then I just throw.. I hit her a couple times.
And then I put her in cuffs.
And locked her up.
And I came over and backed everyone else.
Why don't you guys, uh.
Take a walk!
Why don't you guys go inside now.
'Cause she didn't give him his last name, she started... he started [inaudible].